[Robertson] Sooner or later.
What? Sooner or later what?
We all wind up naked
on the slab.
Preferably without
the bullet holes.
You're a ray of sunshine
this morning.
Yeah, the morgue's
the ultimate reality check.
Life is short, and then you die.
First, you get a root canal.
Or get whacked by a pro.
Yeah, yeah, speaking
of root canal,
Bennett and I are meeting
with the guy from the SEC.
Oof. Don't die of boredom.
- I'll do my best. You?
- Pedro Alvarez.
- He gonna give it up?
- That's the deal.
Got his keep-away
status last night.
Lucky boy.
- Later.
- Detective.
- Dr. Golliher.
Sorry to interrupt.
No, no. Come in, come in.
Going somewhere?
Retiring, at long last.
Come, sit.
You've been on my mind recently.
Why is that?
The East Hollywood fire.
A child lost.
Ten-year-old girl.
The Little Tamale Girl.
Her name is Sonia Hernandez.
Two years younger
than Arthur Delacroix.
This child wasn't abused.
She was... beloved.
I'm glad of that.
Ask you a question?
- Of course.
- You told me
back then, when we were looking
at Arthur's broken bones...
What that child endured
in his short life...
You said there had
to be a better world somewhere.
Otherwise, you... you couldn't
keep doing your job.
Yes. Exactly right.
Still believe?
In a better world?
I'm afraid I'm experiencing
a full-blown crisis of faith.
A cancer of the soul.
I know the feeling.
You told me back then
that you believed,
if not in a better world,
at least in the possibility
of justice in this one.
I remember.
Do you still?
Believe in the possibility
of justice?
In this world.
For Sonia Hernandez.
Jury's still out.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I got a feeling
that I can't let go ♪
- ♪ Can't let go ♪
♪ I got a feeling
that I can't let go ♪
- ♪ I got a feeling
- ♪ Can't let go ♪
that I can't let go ♪
- ♪ I got a feeling
- ♪ Can't let go, can't let go ♪
♪ Got a feeling
that I can't let go ♪
- ♪ I got a feeling
- ♪ Can't let go, can't let go ♪
♪ Can't let go ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Like me ♪♪
[Devore] Typical
Honey Chandler tease.
Said her client
could deliver a whale
in exchange for help
with his current legal troubles.
Her client Vincent Franzen?
They were due to come in and
give a preliminary statement,
outline what they had,
and then...
Someone shot them?
What a thing. Terrible.
I'm lighting a candle
for her recovery.
Uh, what did Franzen have?
Who's the whale?
Carl Rogers.
The hedge fund billionaire?
Mm-hmm. Believe so, yes.
And Franzen was alleging...?
According to Chandler's notes,
massive financial fraud.
So, when Franzen was killed
the night before he was
to give his deposition...
And his lawyer shot
the morning of...
Here we are.
You sure they're connected?
Mr. DeVore, there is such
a thing as coincidence.
Yes?
This ain't it.
[distant siren wailing]
I feel for the kid.
Got his heart set
on West Bureau.
Well, Pierce has the
experience, but Vega's got rank.
Who knows
if there's even a spot?
Well, why wouldn't there be?
I mean, once you and I transfer.
If we transfer.
You thinking
about going somewhere else?
Nothing's carved in stone.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. LAPD. Detectives
Bosch and Edgar here
to interview an inmate.
Pedro Alvarez.
Nope.
What do you mean, "nope"?
As in, we don't have him nope.
Look again.
[sighs]
Transferred to federal custody
last night.
Say where?
Nope.
Unbelievable.
Don't believe me?
Get yourself a copy
of the removal order
over at Records and Detainers.
They don't look that happy.
Downright glum.
What'd you get from the SEC?
Carl Rogers' hedge fund,
$20 billion in assets
under management.
Rumors of offshore shenanigans
and financial malfeasance,
but nothing indictable.
We have a meeting
with Rogers in the morning.
- How'd it go at county?
- [Bosch] Didn't.
- Alvarez wasn't there.
- Feds have him.
FBI scooped him up last night.
What the fuck? Why?
Who knows?
Where is he now?
No idea.
Harvey. Come in.
Dennis. Wanted to update
you and Lieutenant Billets
on the officer threat
investigation.
More of a prank than a threat
in my opinion.
Well, be that as it may,
her hair's on fire.
Mm.
Let's get it over with.
[phone ringing]
Bosch.
[Anderson] Detective Bosch,
Scott Anderson.
You know I can't comment on
an investigation. Call the PIO.
I'm not calling
about Honey Chandler.
I don't care what
you're calling about.
The Little Tamale Girl--
any progress?
Fucking vulture.
- Scott Anderson?
- Yeah.
About Chandler?
Sonia Hernandez.
Wasn't about to tell him
our key witness is MIA.
[Pounds] We tracked
the photoshop
to an anonymous message board.
Unfortunately, we're unable
to determine the identity
of the person who posted it.
There's no proof at all it's
someone within the division.
Take a look at these.
Officers Norris and Leonard.
The knuckleheads who failed to
back up their female colleagues.
Read the highlighted bits.
"Warpigs"?
These guys are incels.
Involuntary celibates.
Sexually repressed
male supremacists.
It's like the kid in Santa
Barbara who couldn't get laid.
And the other one in Montreal
who shot up McGill.
I know what incels are.
I'm shocked and dismayed
they're in my command.
Not just.
All through the department.
It's an infestation.
Okay, let's not inflate
the problem, Lieutenant.
It's a few bad apples.
[Cooper] Grace,
I want you to know that we
take this absolutely seriously.
And I second that.
Buenos dias, Juan.
Surveillance video?
Just back from goosing
the security company.
- Waiting on more footage.
- Keep pressing.
Fuck you, Bosch.
That was a nice one, Harry.
World-class klong.
What is a klong?
A sudden rush
of shit to the heart.
Mission accomplished.
Yeah.
I was at Metro earlier today.
Following on the mayor's edict.
I know you're eager to make
a name for yourself, Nestor,
but you're late to the party.
We've been working on this issue
since before Lopez was mayor.
Then why is it still going on?
Reform takes time.
Intentionally mislabeling Black
and brown youth as gang members.
Intent is hard to prove, and
the gangs are still a problem,
despite decades of effort.
Gang labeling
follows these kids.
It ruins their lives.
And we're putting a stop to it.
The officers involved
will be disciplined
and practices changed.
When?
As I said, it takes time.
[sighs]
The commission needs
to see real progress
before we vote
on your second term.
[door opens, closes]
[sighs heavily]
[Poole] Okay, Franzen
and his girlfriend were shot
with one nine millimeter pistol,
Honey Chandler with another.
No surprise.
If I had the guns, I could
tell you which was which.
Down the nearest storm drain.
- Gun for hire.
- Paladin.
Have Gun - Will Travel?
Richard Boone?
Yeah, I was gonna say,
if he's a pro,
we cast a nationwide net,
maybe pick up a pattern,
a signature.
Worth a shot.
I'll write it up,
shoot it to ViCAP.
- Thanks, Lester.
- Anytime.
- Paladin?
- Am I dating myself?
[Pierce] Driver's
just sitting there.
[Vega] Nissan Altima.
Sure?
Just like mine.
All look the same.
How long has he been there?
Hours.
What's he waiting for?
Listening to the neighborhood.
Sniffing the air.
He won't move
until it feels right.
[Vega] Here we go.
- [Pierce] What's on his face?
- Distortion mask.
Fucks with
facial recognition software.
Came across 'em
when I was in Robbery.
Scan forward.
There.
[Pierce] What's that
under his arm?
Looks like a laptop.
[Pierce] Shit.
Can't read the plates.
We need more video.
Nothing happened.
What nothing happened?
Pounds overreacted.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
This isn't about Pounds?
What happened with Pounds?
Nothing. Harry was
just fooling around...
No, don't tell me.
I don't want to know.
- Okay.
- Is there anybody at Pacific
that I can talk to
about Leonard and Norris?
Well, uh...
we both know one.
Ex-Hollywood.
Nope. Drawing a blank.
Female?
You transferred her,
put her on a bike on the beach.
- Oh.
- Hmm.
Not at liberty to discuss.
- You signed it.
- I did.
At whose request?
- FBI. It's on the order.
- Okay.
Who do I talk to?
Sorry. Ongoing investigation.
Yeah, well, we have an ongoing
investigation of our own.
Pedro Alvarez is
a primary suspect
in the East Hollywood
apartment building fire.
- Not familiar with the details.
- Look, we just need
- half an hour with him.
- Not possible at this time.
Where are you holding him?
Again, not at liberty to say.
He was about to flip
and give up Mickey Peña.
- I don't know who that is.
- The hell you don't.
We'd like to speak
with your boss.
- The U.S. Attorney?
- That's right.
He initiated the order.
And I'd like him to explain why.
[phone dings]
- [alarm beeping]
- [tires squeal]
Jesus.
[siren whoops]
[sighs] Come on.
License and registration.
Right back.
Did you orchestrate this?
Tell Lopez...
the FBI may have dropped
their investigation,
but I won't.
[car door closes]
Put away your fucking phone.
- [dog barking nearby]
- [hip-hop music plays faintly]
[indistinct chatter]
Look who it is.
El Bolillo.
Detective.
¿Qué onda?
Had a long chat
with your homeboy today.
Got lots of homeboys.
Pedro Alvarez.
Zorro. How's he making it?
He's good.
eMe can't get to him.
Makes him downright loquacious.
- "Lo" what?
- "Quacious."
Talkative.
He told us you gave
him and Trejo the order
to firebomb that building.
[Peña] I ain't tell Zorro shit.
Zorro's weak.
He'll tell you
what you want to hear.
- He'll testify to it.
- Testify?
[chuckles] He'll testify to it.
Holy shit. Cojones.
You heard that?
In that case, yeah,
you got me, dawg.
Slap 'em on.
- Garcia, call my lawyer.
- [chuckles]
Not yet, but soon.
Alvarez gave you up, homes.
Trejo will, too.
Trey Trey won't deal.
Zorro won't, either.
End of the day, he'll come home.
You can't get to him.
He's out of reach.
Never say never, amigo.
He ain't in county.
Feds have him.
You got the wrong
Chicano, cabrón.
Fuck off.
- All good?
- All good.
- You rattle him?
- Your guess is as good as mine.
I'll tell you one thing,
I think he already knew.
- About Alvarez and the Feds?
- About Alvarez and the Feds.
[playing classical tune
in major key]
[piano music continues]
[plays discordant notes]
[stops playing]
[chuckles]
You make it look so easy.
Try it again.
[resumes playing]
[sighs]
[stops playing]
Okay, I know I'm hopeless,
but you are, like,
a million miles away.
Sorry.
[sighs]
Delgado.
Ambushed me today
about gang labeling.
And what galls me,
he doesn't give a damn
about Black and brown youth.
He wants your job, always has.
He doesn't know
what he doesn't know.
The job will eat him alive.
[doorbell rings]
I'll get it.
Mm-hmm. I'll check on dinner.
Bosch.
Feds have Alvarez.
Took him last night,
right after his
keep-away status came through.
Well, where are they
holding him?
Wouldn't tell me.
"Ongoing investigation."
- Who signed the order?
- Zhang.
We went to her office,
complete stonewall.
And I'm just now
hearing about it?
Alvarez is ready to talk.
I don't care
who's babysitting him.
We just need the interview.
I thought they might
give me access.
I asked Zhang for a meeting
- with the U.S. Attorney.
- No, she'll slow-walk it.
What I'm afraid of.
And now you need my help.
Yes, sir.
[sighs]
Franzen was an investor.
A voice on the phone.
If I spoke to him more
than once, I don't recall.
You never met him?
Maybe.
Someone's holiday party once?
[chuckles] Who knows?
That's it?
The alpha and the omega.
Oh, I trust you don't mind,
I asked my lawyer to join us.
It's been a minute, Detectives.
J. Reason Fowkkes.
You've met.
We've tangled.
Oh, I'd, uh, call it a draw.
Wouldn't you?
If you consider a manslaughter
plea and 15-to-20 a draw.
We were just talking
about Vincent Franzen.
Cheap grifter.
A bottom-feeder.
And he got what he deserved?
Well, he got his tit
caught in a wringer,
concocted some outlandish tale
in order to save his own ass.
If he made it all up,
why'd somebody take him out?
One of his disgruntled investors
would be my guess.
- And Honey Chandler, too?
- Well, when you
lie down with dogs...
Any idea why he'd bring up
your name with the SEC?
Mr. Franzen was in
a desperate situation.
Desperate men make
desperate allegations.
I was looking forward to laying
these baseless accusations
to rest in court.
Now that he's no longer around
to back them up, uh...
We have a witness who can.
Your witness is mistaken.
Harry, I'm sorry.
Fowkkes just pissed me off.
So fucking smug.
Maddie's in the crosshairs now,
thanks to you.
What the fuck?!
[quiet chatter]
[phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
Hi, Dad.
Mads, where are you?
Farmers Market. Du-par's.
What are you doing there?
- Waiting on Antonio.
- [Bosch] I need you
to head home.
Do it now.
Have Antonio meet you there.
I'm putting a car on the house
till I get home.
What's going on?
I'll explain later.
Okay.
I need you to text
or call me every hour.
Now you're scaring me.
Promise.
Every hour on the hour.
[quiet chatter]
That's great. Thanks.
Morgan recovered video
of a dark gray Nissan Altima
in Beachwood Canyon, just south
of the scene, night of.
Tell me we got plates.
Rented to a George McClellan at
Long Beach Airport that morning.
Due back yesterday. No-show.
- I'll run it through ALPERS.
- [sighs]
Ah, the glamor and the glory
of being a detective,
huh, Pierce?
- Livin' the dream.
- Right. The drudgery.
The paperwork, the shoe leather,
the mind-numbing boredom.
Don't bullshit me.
You love it as much as I do.
Not all of it.
I dealt with some sexist shit
in Hollywood, for sure,
but Norris was off the charts.
Leonard, too.
Guys who'd vandalize a female
lieutenant's personal ride?
Oh. [scoffs] You kidding?
They'd get off on it.
All right. So, give me
a "for instance."
Something really egregious.
[scoffs]
Where to start? Uh...
Oh, let's see. All right.
So my partner Claire
and I responded
to "shots fired" in Oakwood.
We get there, situation's
already gone to shit.
Black/Hispanic gang beef.
Put out a help call,
everyone rolled,
- except Norris and Leonard.
- Hmm.
Friend of mine
called them on it.
And what'd they say?
Said they'd be damned
if they'd roll out
for "that fucking tuna boat."
Jesus. Did you report it?
Yeah. It went all the way up
through Pacific's
chain of command.
- And?
- Captain punted, made a deal.
Norris and Leonard agreed
to transfer to avoid
a 128. Just made 'em
someone else's fucking problem.
Yeah. Mine.
Hey, where you two going?
ViCAP flagged a couple of cases.
Miami and Vegas.
Possible pro hits.
- No shit?
- Same M.O.
Double taps to the heart.
[Robertson] Close range,
medium caliber.
Nobody heard nothing.
The whole shmear.
Both vics had O.C. jackets.
Franzen was mobbed up?
That's what
we're trying to find out.
Meeting the special master
at Chandler's office.
- Give it a second look.
- [Robertson] What about Rogers?
- How'd that go?
- Remember J. Reason Fowkkes?
[chuckles]
Yeah, bent as a crowbar.
Rogers' attorney.
We should look
at Fowkkes' clients, too.
Way ahead of you, brother.
[quiet chatter]
Hey, you guys help me out
with something?
What, and tear ourselves away
from another scintillating
CAPs caper?
I need you to dig into a
lawyer's past cases and clients.
Looking for what?
A whiff of mob,
no matter how faint.
And any connection
to Vegas or Miami.
Sunny spots for shady people.
This about Franzen and Chandler?
- Maybe.
- [Barrel] Told you
that was a contract hit.
All the earmarks.
Yeah, yeah.
Who's the shyster?
J. Reason Fowkkes.
The Holland case.
He represented that, uh,
director,
the Jeffrey Epstein wannabe.
- World-class creep.
- The lawyer or the client?
A matched set.
They deserved each other.
Count on us, Kemosabe.
Thanks, brother.
Got a minute, L.T.?
Yeah. What is it, Jerry?
I need to take a few days.
Is everything okay? Your kids?
They're good, but I'm not.
I shouldn't be here right now.
What about your cases?
Oh, I'm doing
more harm than good.
[sighs] I need some time
to put things right.
Take as much time as you need.
Thanks, L.T.
I expect you back
day after tomorrow.
That's it?
Franzen wasn't her client
for long.
Well, what about
her other clients?
I have a team sifting through
the rest of her clients.
It's a lot to go through.
Short notice.
We appreciate it.
Anything O.C. turn up?
Not so far.
Carl Rogers a suspect?
Person of interest.
I'll take that
as an affirmative.
How'd you know
we were looking at Rogers?
Chandler's notes.
Courthouse gossip.
Who's representing him?
J. Reason Fowkkes.
- Oh, my.
- Yeah.
Think he'd know how
to hire a contract killer?
I think he used to be one.
[phone vibrating]
Whatcha got, youngblood?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
On our way.
Text the address.
Pierce.
Located the killer's car.
Where?
Burbank Airport.
Long-term parking.
- We'll be back.
- Mm-hmm.
Bitch spat at me.
Big, fat, disgusting loogie.
Gross.
So what'd you do? Arrest her?
She wanted him to.
Kept screaming, "Arrest me.
Turn your body cam on.
Is your body cam on?
Arrest me."
Looking for that big,
fat L.A. County payday.
Was it on?
Absolutely.
I wrote her a ticket.
Said "have a nice day."
Bitch was frothing at the mouth,
she was so mad.
War stories?
Just shooting the shit,
Lieutenant.
Mm.
Since you're swapping lies,
when you were at Pacific...
that shootout in Oakwood
between V13
and the Shoreline Crips?
I heard that got pretty hairy.
Drug trade bullshit.
- Never ends.
- No, it must have been wild.
I mean, I heard the whole
division rolled on that one.
[Norris] Yes, ma'am.
It was, uh, it was mythic.
Yeah. So why didn't you show?
Couldn't respond,
we were Code 6.
Traffic stop.
Mm.
And you made that call
over the radio?
I mean, it's in the archives?
No, Lieutenant.
Stayed off the air
to keep the frequency open.
I'll bet you did.
Yes, ma'am.
By the end of business,
depending on traffic.
No, thank you.
I'll see you then.
Bosch.
Got a minute?
What's up?
What's up with Edgar?
Same old, same old.
Seems like more.
He asked for a couple days off.
We talked
to Carl Rogers this morning.
- How'd that go?
- Nowhere.
Edgar got frustrated,
let it slip
that we had a witness.
Oh. Jesus, Harry.
Did he mention Maddie by name?
No.
Thank God.
What's wrong with him?
He doesn't need
to mention her by name.
Somebody can still
put it together.
Tegan Boyle,
Deputy D.A. on Franzen?
Yeah? What about her?
She wants me to come in today,
talk about a plan
to get the target
off Maddie's back.
Go.
[quiet chatter]
Hey.
We found your mob connect.
Willy Datz. From Lost Wages.
Fowkkes represented him
on a bust-out scheme.
Case dismissed when the key
witness, uh, "disappeared."
Thanks.
[Barrel] Sure.
[♪ Art Pepper:
"Blues for the Fisherman"]
♪ ♪
[phone chimes]
[text sends]
♪ ♪
Brought in for the job,
flown out after.
Have gun, will travel.
Odds of catching him are slim.
Scratch that. None.
Maybe he'll fuck up
somewhere else
and we can fly
to Boise or Detroit
and brief the local coppers
on what went down here.
I'll keep a bag packed.
Thanks.
[Coltrane panting quietly]
Your dad didn't say
what all this is about?
It's got to have something to do
with what happened to Honey.
How is she?
I only know what's on the news.
Medical coma.
Still critical.
What are the odds?
Both of them shot.
You know, Chandler reminds me
so much of my mom.
How so?
Eleanor was fearless.
World-class poker player.
Almost always, she would be
the only woman at the table.
And she never flinched.
Chandler's like that, too.
Take on anyone.
Never back down.
I went to Du-par's today.
I sat outside, and...
...and I stared
at the parking lot
where she was killed.
I ordered banana pancakes,
and I thought about her.
[sniffles]
Isn't that so stupid?
Fucking Du-par's.
[sniffling]
Fuck, I miss my mom.
[crying]
[Boyle] We're talking
less than an hour.
We bring her in, do the Q and A,
she goes right back home.
The grand jury is
secret and secure.
In my experience,
they're neither.
And how does that take the
target off my daughter's back?
Well, let's say her appearance
before the grand jury does leak.
Which it will.
We'll make sure of it.
Then word is out
her story's locked in.
There's no reason
to go after her.
No, that only highlights
that she's a primary witness.
I'm not gonna put
my daughter in jeopardy.
Well, there is an exception,
and that's the part we leak.
If a grand jury witness
is killed
to stop him or her
from testifying at trial,
their grand jury testimony
becomes admissible.
The exception will keep
your daughter safe.
Okay. So, when? Tomorrow?
No, I'm afraid it's
too late in the day for that.
First thing in the morning,
day after tomorrow.
I'll set it up with
the sitting grand jury.
Okay. See you then.
Hey, um, true what I hear
about you and Judge Sobel?
Friends. Who told you that?
Ah, like I said,
place leaks like a sieve.
Have a good evening, Detective.
You, too.
- [keys jingling]
- [door closes]
Too cold for a walk?
[Mama Roux] Jacques Avril.
I wanted him dead.
And now you can't sleep.
[speaks Haitian Creole]
[repeats sentence
in Haitian Creole]
"You reap what you sow."
Let us think how to rid you
of this evil spirit.
[engine starts]
[phone ringing]
- Hey.
- [Sobel] Hey.
Just wanted to check in,
see how you're doing.
Sorry I've been a little MIA.
No need to apologize.
You've got a lot going on.
How's Maddie holding up?
Rough week.
We'll get through it.
I'm here if you need me.
Thanks, Donna.
Appreciate the call.
Night, Harry.
Night.
[door opens]
- Hey.
- Dad, what's going on?
Antonio, you give us a minute?
Yeah, um, I'll take Coltrane
for a walk.
[Bosch] Great. Thanks.
Go on, boy. Go on.
[door closes]
Look, there's no easy way
to say this.
You're in danger.
I get that. Why?
The video.
- We have to assume
they have it.
- Who has it?
The people who killed Franzen
and shot Chandler.
They may know you were there
when it was made
and that you can testify to what
Franzen said about Carl Rogers.
How could they know
that I was there?
J. Edgar.
When we were interviewing
Rogers and his lawyer,
Jerry slipped up,
said we had a witness.
- He say my name?
- No.
But it's only a matter of time
before they piece it together.
- Can't you just arrest them?
- Not yet.
Not enough evidence.
[sighs]
- So, what do we do?
- You need to testify
day after tomorrow
before the grand jury
so what you know
is on the record.
Once that's done, you're safe.
Okay?
It's gonna be fine, honey.
Okay.
[engine turns off]
[sighs]
♪ ♪
[Chandler, on video] Do you
swear this testimony
is true and complete,
to the best of your knowledge?
- [Franzen, on video] I do.
- [Chandler] Do you understand
that if anything
you've said proves
to be false in fact or degree,
your agreement will be abrogated
and you will go to jail?
[Franzen] I understand.
[Chandler] And you assert
under oath you have
documentation that supports
your contentions
and that you will turn it over
to the appropriate authorities
when the time comes?
[Franzen] Yes. Yes.
I have the real shit.
- We done?
- [Chandler] Mm, for now.
I'll get you a copy
of this video, with notes.
- [Franzen] Okay.
- [Chandler] Maddie, I'm gonna
need you to type this up.
- [taps key]
- [video stops]
[line ringing]
[Datz] What?
We have a problem.
He needs to come back.
♪ ♪